initial test (#1)
FIWARE/VC-Integration-Test: README.md

* [iShare-JWT-Helper](https://github.com/wistefan/ishare-jwt-helper) as a convenience service for generating iShare-compliant tokens to be used with Keyrock.

## The setup

![overview](doc/arch.svg)

The test-setup effectivley compromises 3 environments:

- HappyPets in the role of a data-consumer, issuing credentials to its users
- PacketDelivery in the role of a data-provider, offering an application to access its data
- the User-Environment, which represents an (in this case machine-)user

The image depicts the general interaction between the components and participants. The sequence and concrete implementation of 
the interactions depend on the concrete scenarios. Please see the individual tests for more information. In general, the scenarios will 
follow the sequence:
1. Wallet and HappyPets interact in an OIDC4VCI flow, to get a credential into the wallet
2. The application and PacketDelivery interact to start a authentication flow
3. Wallet and PacketDelivery interact to authenticate with an actual credential
4. Application and PacketDelivery interact to make authorized requests, using the token provided from the previous step.

### HappyPets

> HappyPets is company, offering a shop for animal products. It uses PacketDelivery' Services for deliverying the goods to its customers,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HappyPets is company, offering a shop for animal products. It uses PacketDelivery's Services for delivering the goods to its customers,
```

and there digital services to provide access to delivery-details. 

> The HappyPets System uses [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) for Identiy Managment and issuing of credentials for its users. To participate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HappyPets System uses [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) for Identity Management and issuing of credentials for its users. To participate
```

planned arrival times. 
To provide its services only to paying customers, a verifiable credentials based security framework is in places:
- Kong to verify and authorize JWT's in cooperation with the DSBA-PDP
- VCVerifier to offer a SIOP-2/OIDC4VP compliant login-flow

PacketDelivery uses an iShare compliant authorization registry to provide the policies required by the roles and trusts
HappyPets as an issuer in the dataspace.

### User Environment

The  [User Environment](./src/test/java/org/fiware/vc/it/model/UserEnvironment.java) in the test-setup is a somewhat theoretical
concept, representing the components usually installed and (directly) used by an end-user. We do not use real components
here, but implements the basic flows as part of a [World-Concept](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/blob/main/docs/support_files/world.md). 
The ```World``` typically provides an isolated scope, that is instantiated per scenario and shared between the individual steps.
In this implementation, we just model a part of the ```World```, the ```User Environment```. It contains the [Wallet](./src/test/java/org/fiware/vc/it/model/Wallet.java), 

> which handles all flows typically executed by a wallet in [OIDC4VCI](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html) 

Reviewer: The standards were already linked further up

Author: I know, I try to link them as often as possible. At least I do never read everything.
